Previewtxt

Okay, so this preview shows you the four separate icons that I found and am going to use to represent the fleeting time we all have left on this earth, that is, I am going to show you how many seasons there are in an 80-year life. If you're able to read this, at least a few of those years are already gone. Anyway, I chose to represent the seasons with icons that play on recognizable tropes that seasons have. The summer is hot, therefore there's a sun, the autumn has falling leaves so there's a (Canadian) leaf, the winter has snow (where I'm from) so it will be represented by a snowflake, and the spring is when flowers once again bloom, so they will be represented by a tulip. I found all of those icons on the Noun Project website, and credited them in my ASSETS file. I am going to fit 320 of them on the screen, trust me. I've seen it done with a similar concept. If I'm unable to, then I'll start over or modify my idea. I'm planning on having them be in a traingle shape that comes to a point in the bottom middle of the screen, with text over the top and text under the bottom point. I think that would easily guide the reader toward reading the top text, following the triangle down to its point, and then reading the bottom text. The background is probably not going to be white, if I can help it, but I'm not sure what it'll be yet. Maybe a lighter color that fades to grey or black from left to right, or top to bottom. My next steps are to resize the tulip and other ones, copy and paste a bunch and fit them on the screen in a nice way, choose text and a font and put in the text, and then set a background color, and then I'll be done.