RoughDraft

Alright so I did most if not all of the things that I described in the preview markdown file. I've gotten the background fading from green to grey/black, and it didn't even take long to find a tutorial to do that. I don't know if I love the specific green and grey/black, maybe I'll ask people or change them. They're supposed to represent decay, but who knows if that's getting through. We'll see in the feedback. I got all the icons made smaller, which wasn't that hard, then calculated out 80 of them in a copy and paste process that took a while, and figured out how to place them. I put them in the wrong order (instead of fall then winter then spring then summer going left to right and top to bottom) so I had to go back and fix that. I don't really know whether GIMP did it or it was just how the files I downloaded were, but they were already transparent/only consisted of the outlines of the icons, so I just needed to change the backgrounds behind them in order to make that all work. I already credited them correctly, so I didn't need to change anything there. I then specifically chose two different fonts for the top and bottom text of the image. For the top, I thought that the content was looking to the past sort of, or saying that this is a long time, stretching into the past a bit, so I chose an old an comfortable font, Gill Sans. For the bottom, when the message was hitting a little harder, hopefully, I wanted to choose a more brutal and hard-hitting font like Futura or Univers, but the closest geometric sans serif I could find was Franklin Gothic. I formatted them, but I don't know if I love where they are, and if the rhythm of the picture is right.